Add Github niceties (#26)
CleanOceanAction/coa_flask_app: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Create a report to help us improve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Create a report to help us improve our application.
```

title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Please be patient, this is for the best. Do the checklist before filing an issue:
-->

> - [ ] Is this something you can fix within your current coding session, lets not add unneeded bureaucracy.  Send a pull request! Bug fixes and documentation fixes are welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Is this something you can fix within your current coding session? Let's not add unneeded bureaucracy. Send a pull request! Bug fixes and documentation fixes are welcome.
```

> - [ ] Do you have a problem installing the dependencies, please use stack overflow for that or ask us don't leave an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Do you have a problem installing the dependencies? Please use Stack Overflow or ask us for that, don't leave an issue.
```

> - [ ] Looking for the information related to database access, please contact us directly, that is left out for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Looking for the information related to database access? It has been left out for security reasons, please contact us directly.
```

> - [ ] Have an idea for a feature? Post using a feature request template, we did spend time making these templates, please respect them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Have an idea for a feature? Post an issue using a feature request template. We spent time making these templates, please respect them.
```
